PowerShell and Powercat
Windows PowerShell is a task-based command
line shell and scripting language.
It’s designed specifically for
the administration
of multiple operating systems
and the processes related to the
applications that run on the system.
Needless to say, PowerShell is a
powerful tool for penetration testing
and can be installed on various
versions of Windows.
PowerShell maintains an execution policy
that determines which type of
PowerShell scripts (if any)
can be run on the system.
The default policy is “Restricted”.
For the purposes of this module,
we’ll need to set an “Unrestricted”
execution policy on our Windows client.
To do this, we will need to launch
PowerShell as an Admininstrator
by right-clicking the Start button and
selecting Windows PowerShell Admin.
When we're presented with the
User Account Control prompt,
we’ll click Yes to continue.
Now we’ll set the execution
policy to unrestricted.
Enter y when prompted.
To verify the execution
policy has been updated,
we can run get-executionpolicy.
PowerShell is both responsive
and powerful,
enabling us to perform multiple tasks
without installing additional
tools on the target.
Let’s explore PowerShell a bit more
to demonstrate how it might come into
play during a penetration test.